.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# PERFORCE® DELPHIX - CONTRIBUTING

Contributing
Fork the project.
Make your bug fix or new feature.
Add tests for your code.
Send a pull request.
Contributions must be signed as User Name <user@email.com>. Make sure to set up Git with your user name and email address. All pull requests should target the `main` branch.

Contributor Agreement
All contributors are required to sign the Delphix Contributor agreement prior to contributing code to an open source repository. This process is handled automatically by cla-assistant. Simply open a pull request and a bot will automatically check to see if you have signed the latest agreement. If not, you will be prompted to do so as part of the pull request process.

Code of Conduct
This project operates under the Delphix Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Our Review Process

When you submit a pull request, our team follows this internal process:

1.  **Fork and Test**: We fork your branch to run it through our internal, comprehensive testing suite.
2.  **JIRA Ticket Creation**: A JIRA ticket is created to track the contribution through our internal workflows.
3.  **Merge to Main**: Once your changes pass all tests and reviews, they are merged into the `main` branch by a Delphix team member.
4.  **PR Closure**: After a successful merge, we will close your original pull request.

We appreciate your contribution and patience during this process!

Commit message:

DLPXECO-13152 Changes in contributing.md file (#25)
PR URL: https://www.github.com/delphix/dxi-mcp-server/pull/25

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# PERFORCE® DELPHIX - CONTRIBUTING

Contributing
Fork the project.
Make your bug fix or new feature.
Add tests for your code.
Send a pull request.
Contributions must be signed as User Name <user@email.com>. Make sure to set up Git with your user name and email address. All pull requests should target the `main` branch.

Contributor Agreement
All contributors are required to sign the Delphix Contributor agreement prior to contributing code to an open source repository. 
This CLA is the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or communications, written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof.  This Agreement, and any amendments thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  The parties may transmit their signatures via scanned PDF, e-signature, or other electronic signature tools with the same effect as if the parties had provided each other with original signatures. You can refer below review process for more details.

Code of Conduct
This project operates under the Delphix Code of Conduct. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Our Review Process

When you submit a pull request, our team follows this internal process:

1.  **Fork and Test**: We fork your branch to run it through our internal, comprehensive testing suite.
2.  **JIRA Ticket Creation**: A JIRA ticket is created to track the contribution through our internal workflows.
3.  **Merge to Main**: Once your changes pass all tests and reviews, they are merged into the `main` branch by a Delphix team member.
4.  **PR Closure**: After a successful merge, we will close your original pull request.

We appreciate your contribution and patience during this process!
